The next feature is the addition of a Models tab placed next to the Analysis tab with several sub-tabs. For each sub-tab, the type of companies the model is suitable for should be highlighted. 1) The first sub-tab will be for the Graham Growth Model. It is best used for undervalued, mature companies with stable, slow growth—typically 5% or less—strong balance sheets, and consistent profitability, such as established industrials, utilities, or consumer goods firms. Details follow: a) Determine EPS and EPS Growth Rate (g) by taking the median and discounting formulas respectively for the last 10 years. Add a note about capping the growth rate at 20% to avoid unrealistic valuations, b) Add 8.5 to twice the expected growth rate (8.5 + 2g). This represents the "fair" P/E ratio for that growth profile, c) Divide 4.4 by the current AAA bond yield (Y). Note: This ratio (4.4 / Y) acts as a discount or premium factor. When interest rates are higher than 4.4%, the intrinsic value decreases. Also indicate that if Y drops significantly, it can lead to massive intrinsic values , d) Multiply the EPS by the growth multiplier and then by the interest rate adjustment factor to reach at the Final Value (V), and e) Take as input a Margin of Safety Percentage figure, and multiple the Final Value with that to get the Fair Value with Graham’s core principle of buying at a discount. Add the following notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: Negative EPS: The Graham model does not work for companies with negative earnings. Your dashboard should flag these as "N/A" or "Incalculable.", Note 2: Interest Rate Floor: If Y drops significantly (as seen in recent historical cycles), it can lead to massive intrinsic values. Some developers hard-code a floor for Y (e.g., 3% or 4%) to keep the model grounded, 2) The second sub-tab will be for the EV to EBIT Mature Business Model. It is best suited for mature, stable companies with significant capital expenditures (CapEx) and diverse capital structures (debt levels). It is ideal for industries where depreciation is a real, significant economic cost, such as manufacturing, transportation, and industrial sectors, as it accounts for asset wear-and-tear. Details follow: a) Compute the EV to EBIT ratio for the last 5 years and take the average as the normalized value, b) Compute the Normalized Revenue (5-year average), Operating Margin (Divide EBIT by Revenue for the 5 years and compute the average), and Operating Income – EBIT = Normalized Revenue x Normalized Operating Margin, c) Compute Intrinsic Value: Compute Target EV as Normalized EBIT x Average EV to EBIT ratio. Compute Intrinsic Equity Value as Target EV – (Total Debt + Minority Interest + Preferred Stock) + Cash. Finally Compute Intrinsic Value Per Share as Intrinsic Equity Value divided by Current Shares Outstanding. Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: If the Normalized EBIT is negative, the model should return an "Incalculable" status, as it implies the business model is not currently sustaining its capital structure, Note 2: While focusing on EV/EBIT, you might include a Free Cash Flow (FCF) Yield check. If a company looks cheap on an EV/EBIT basis but has poor FCF due to massive recurring CapEx, the "intrinsic value" might be a value trap. 3) The third sub-tab will be for the Gordon Dividend Growth Model. It is best suited for mature, dividend-paying companies because it accounts for a period of "super-normal" growth before the business eventually settles into a stable, long-term trajectory. Details follow: a) Compute the CAGR of Dividends Per Share for the next 5 years as equal to the dividend growth in the previous 5 years. Then set the dividend growth from that point on to be two-thirds of that, b) Set the Risk-Free Rate (10 year US Treasury Yield) & Beta from public sources and populate Equity Risk Premium (ERP) as 5% but allow users to adjust this value. Compute Cost of Equity using the CAPM formula as Risk-free Rate + Beta * ERP, c) Compute the Present Value of the first 5 years by discounting back the Dividends. Compute the Present Value of the Terminal Phase (6+ years) by the computed 6th year dividend using the Terminal Dividend Growth Rate and dividing that by the difference between the Cost of Equity and the Terminal Dividend Growth Rate. Discount the Terminal Value back to Present Value, d) Finally, Compute the Intrinsic Value as the sum of the two Present Values. Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: Make sure the payout ratio is sustainable (less than 80% or so), Note 2: Terminal Value often accounts for the majority of this valuation and so that is a very sensitive value. Could you implement this tab and the 3 sub-tabs. The data needed for these analysis are the financial statements for the last 5 or 10 years. Extract that from SEC filings to do this analysis, Note 2: Present all calculated values so as to help a DIY investor make sense of what is presented, Note 3: Include explanation of what each figure means (including the ones the users can modify with an explanation of the defaults used) as we assume DIY Investors need this level of hand-holding to interpret this Summary Tab.