BTW, the Graham Growth Tab still says uses Current Shares Outstanding as an approximation – this was corrected and so the note should be corrected as well. The next feature is the addition of 4 more sub-tabs to the existing Models tab. For each sub-tab, the type of companies the model is suitable for should be highlighted. 1) The next sub-tab is a Value Model (Katsenelson’s Absolute PE). It is best suited for value-oriented businesses. Unlike models that rely on volatile market sentiment, this approach calculates what a stock's Price-to-Earnings (PE) ratio should be based on its fundamental merits. The main feature is it breaks the valuation into discrete “points” that reflect growth, dividends, and risk. Details follow: a) Compute the 10-year EPS CAGR by discounting the current EPS from the EPS 10 years ago. If EPS is negative 10 years ago, take the earliest positive one instead, b) Compute Basic Fair PE. Use points system by starting with a Base PE of 8. Then for every 1% Growth (G), add 0.65 points to the PE. And, for every 1% dividend yield, add 0.5 points to the PE, c) Compute Absolute PE. Multiply Basic Fair PE by Business Risk (Rb), Financial Risk (Rf), and Earnings Visibility (Re). All three should be defaulted to 1.0 but allow users to edit it in the range 0.7 to 1.0, d) Finally, compute intrinsic value by multiplying the current EPS (TTM) with the Absolute PE. Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: As a value model, the growth rate should be capped at 16%, Note 2: The “Safety” Defaults for the risk multipliers should be 1.0, Note 3: Yield capped at 5% as over that could be unsustainably high payouts, 2) The next sub-tab is the Valuation Floor Model (Greenwald’s Earnings Power Value – EPV). It is used to estimate a company's intrinsic value based strictly on its current operational earnings capacity, completely ignoring future growth assumptions. It strips away all long-term projections from the valuation. Details follow: a) Compute Maintenance Capex. First compute Growth Capex as Average Gross Property, Plant, & Equipment divided by the corresponding Sales over the last 5 years. Then, multiply that number by the Sales growth in the current year. Taking out Growth Capex from the Total Capex gives you the Maintenance Capex, b) Compute Adjusted Earnings. First, Calculate Normalized EBIT by taking the average over the last five years. Then apply a Normalized Tax Rate to Calculate NOPAT. Then, Add back accounting depreciation and subtract maintenance capex. This is the actual distributable cash which is the Adjusted Earnings (E), and c) Finally, Compute Earnings Power Value (EPV) per Share. Calculate EPV of Operations by dividing Adjusted Earnings by WACC. Then, adjust for Debt and Cash by adding the current Cash Balance and subtracting total debt. Divide that number by the Shares Outstanding to arrive at EPV.  Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: The difference between the current share price and the EPV represents the premium market pays for growth, Note 2: Greenwald used it to identify a competitive moat – if EPV is significantly higher than what it would cost a competitor to replicate the business assets, it proves the company possesses a sustainable competitive advantage or “moat”, 3) The next sub-tab is the Owners’ Earnings Model (Buffett). Warren Buffett introduced the "owner earnings" stock valuation model in his 1986 Berkshire Hathaway shareholder letter. It computes the actual cash-generating ability of a company, which Buffett believes drives long-term value, rather than relying on potentially distorted "reported earnings". It evaluates a company based on true, distributable cash flow rather than GAAP net income. It measures the cash an owner can take out of the business without harming its operations, calculated as net income plus non-cash charges, minus maintenance capital expenditures. Details follow: Start with Net Income, Add Depreciation and Amortization, Add Chane in Deferred Tax, Add Change in Working Capital, Deduct Maintenance Capex which is computed as described previously. Divide that number by the Shares Outstanding to arrive at Owners’ Earnings Per Share. Multiply that with an Earnings Multiplier (user input defaulted to 10) to arrive at the Fair Value. Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: Net income can be skewed by non-cash charges and accounting rules, whereas this method focus strictly on cash availability, Note 2: FCF while similar, owner earnings specifically aim to use "maintenance" CapEx rather than total CapEx to better represent long-term competitive durability. 4) The next sub-tab is the Residual Income Value (RIV) Model (Feltham & Ohlson). It is best suited for low growth businesses such as Regulated Financial Institutions, businesses with Negative FCF but generating positive economic earnings, and businesses where Terminal Value is Uncertain. RIV reduces dependence on future growth by anchoring the valuation to current book value. Details follow: a) Compute Residual Income. Start with building a table that computes Equity Charge by subtracting the Discount Rate (Default 12%) from Current Return on Equity (ROE) and the multiplying by the Book Value. Book Value for next year is estimated by adding current year’s Book Value to the current year’s forecasted EPS. For each year, the Residual Income is got by subtracting the Equity Charge from Net Income, b) Compute Present Value (PV) of Future Estimated Residual Income by discounting the Present Value Computed for each year back, and c) Compute Intrinsic Value by adding Book Value to the Present Value of Estimated Future Residual Income. Add the following Notes to the sub-tab. Note 1: The model focuses on Economic profit - Considers the cost of equity capital, not just debt, Note 2: It uses familiar accounting metrics and available data such as Book Value and ROE, Note 3: It is ideal for mature firms with steady or declining growth. Could you implement this tab and the 3 sub-tabs? Note 1: The data needed for these analysis are the financial statements for the last 5 or 10 years. Extract that from SEC filings to do this analysis, Note 2: Present all calculated values so as to help a DIY investor make sense of what is presented, Note 3: Include explanation of what each figure means (including the ones the users can modify with an explanation of the defaults used) as we assume DIY Investors need this level of hand-holding to interpret this Summary Tab.