The next feature is the addition of an Analysis tab placed next to the Fundamentals tab with several sub-tabs. The MVP will have three sub-tabs: 1) standard DCF, 2) Reverse-DCF (to indicate what is the 5-year growth rate implied by the current stock price), and a 3) MOAT Analysis. Details Follow: 1) The DCF sub-tab should take reasonable defaults (as provided) for the following parameters, but allow users to change them as well: a) Growth Rates: 1-5 year, 6-10 year, and 11-15 year. Use 10%, 5%, and 3% for the three ranges respectively, b) Terminal Growth Rate: Use 1% as Default, and c) Discount Rate: Use 12% as Default.  It should also use the following figures from the company’s financial statements (annual) – allow users to adjust these figures as well, but indicate where the data used came from (example 2025 AR): a) Initial Cash Flow, b) Shares Outstanding, and c) Net Debt. It should Estimate Intrinsic Value by: a) Construct a Table to calculate the Present Value (PV) of the cash-flows estimated for the next 15 years using the 1-5 year Growth Rate and Initial Cash Flow as input for the first year’s PV and the previous year’s cash flow and the corresponding growth rate for years 2 to 15, b) Calculate the PV of the future years (after 15 years) by using the estimated cash flow of the 15th year from the table, the Terminal Growth Rate, and discounting them back to present, c) Total up the PVs from the table and the PV for the future years (16th year onward) to get the Total Terminal Value, and d) Take out the Net Debt from the Total PV figure and divide the result by the shares outstanding to determine the Estimated Intrinsic Value which is the DCF Analysis Result, 2) The Reverse-DCF sub-tab should take reasonable defaults (as provided) for the following parameters, but allow users to change them as well: a) Terminal Growth Rate: Use 1% as Default, and b) Discount Rate: Use 12% as Default. It should also use the following figures from the company’s financial statements (annual) as with the DCF sub-tab – allow users to adjust these figures as well, but indicate where the data used came from (example 2025 AR): a) Initial Cash Flow, b) Shares Outstanding, and c) Net Debt. The sub-tab should compute the Growth Rate for the first five years that would justify the current stock price. It should determine this by: a) Assume 10:5:3 as the ratio of the growth rates for years 1-5, 6-10, and 11-15 respectively (derived from the computed 1-5 year Reverse-DCF growth rate), b) Use the Terminal Growth Rate and Discount Rate (with defaults) for computing Reverse-DCF, and c) The table and PV computation is the same as with DCF sub-tab except for the fact that the calculation determines the Reverse DCF Growth Rate that results in the calculated Intrinsic Value to be equal to the current stock price, 3) The MOAT Analysis sub-tab should show a table showing the following 9 metric values for the past 5 years and a color-coded indication of the MOAT and an explanation of how to interpret the figures: a) Gross Margin: Has moat, if > 40% and consistent, else no moat, b) SG&A Margin: Has moat, if < 30% and consistent, else no moat, c) Depreciation Expense: Has moat, if <10% and consistent. Volatile and higher implies no moat, d) Interest Expense: Has moat, if consistently under 15%. No moat if over 50% & volatile, e) Income Tax Expense: Has moat, if consistently pays ~21%. No moat if negative or erratic, f) Profit Margin (Net Margin): Has moat, if consistently above 20%. Below 10% and volatile implies no moat, g) Capital Expenditures: Has moat, if consistently under 25%. No moat if consistently above 75%, h) Total Liabilities to Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity: Has moat, if less than 0.80. No moat, if over 2.0. (Stock buybacks can thow off this equatioin - adding  any treasury stock to the denominator can solve this problem), and i) Return on Shareholders’ Equity: Has moat, if consistently above 15%. No moat if volatile and below 10%. Could you implement this tab and the three sub-tabs? Note 1: The data needed for this analysis is the financial statements (primarily consolidated cash-flow) for the last five years. Extract that from SEC filings to do this analysis. Specifically, DCFs need the Initial Cash Flow, Shares Outstanding, and Net Debt. Moat Analysis requires a number of percentage figures the details of which are given above, Note 2: Present all calculated values in the three sections so as to help a DIY investor make sense of what is presented, Note 3: Include explanation of what each figure means (including the ones the users can modify with an explanation of the defaults used) as we assume DIY Investors need this level of hand-holding to interpret this Summary Tab.